Update with changes from Dev (#357)
satisfactorymodding/Documentation: modules/ROOT/pages/Development/Satisfactory/BuildableHolograms.adoc

	return Super::TryUpgrade(hitResult);
}
```

== Showing Additional Visualizations

Blueprint Machine Holograms can spawn custom visuals to assist the user with placement of some buildable objects.
Using a custom visualization replaces the default visualization.
This approach is commonly used when a custom buildable requires extra settings and configuration to look correct.
Consider the following example:

```cpp
void FMyModModule::StartupModule() {

> 	AFGBlueprintHologram::FCreateBuildableVisualizationDelegate visualizingDelegate;
> 	visualizingDelegate.BindLambda([](AFGBlueprintHologram* blueprintHologram, AFGBuildable* buildable, USceneComponent* buildableRootComponent) {
> 		// Get your buildable
> 		AMyBuildable* myBuildable = Cast<AMyBuildable>(buildable);
> 
> 		// - your cool code here for all the relevant components-
> 		// likely involves referencing stuff myBuildable
> 		// note that the buildable reference is only scoped to this lambda so don't expect it to persist
> 
> 		// example: if we had one custom spline mesh component to show it might look like this:
> 		USplineMeshComponent* splineMesh = Cast<USplineMeshComponent>(
> 			// we use the built in setup component so we don't have to worry about things like: attaching to the actor, transformations, mobility, customizer data, hologramFX, collision channels, and more you would need to set manually if you didn't
> 			blueprintHologram->SetupComponent(
> 				buildableRootComponent,
> 				buildable->GetComponentByClass<USplineMeshComponent>(),
> 				buildable->GetFName(),
> 				FName()
> 			)
> 		);
> 
> 		// example: now do the configuration the vanilla configuration won't, since we are using a custom one
> 		splineMesh->SetStartPosition(curve->StartPosition, false);
> 		splineMesh->SetEndPosition(curve->EndPosition, false);
> 		splineMesh->SetStartTangent(curve->StartTangent, false);
> 		splineMesh->SetEndTangent(curve->EndTangent, false);
> 		splineMesh->UpdateMesh_Concurrent();
> 	});
> 
> 	AFGBlueprintHologram::RegisterCustomBuildableVisualization(AABCurvedDecorBuildable::StaticClass(), visualizingDelegate);

Reviewer: There is a cleaner way to create delegates using the `::Create<Type>` static methods on the delegate type.

```suggestion
	AFGBlueprintHologram::RegisterCustomBuildableVisualization(
		AABCurvedDecorBuildable::StaticClass(),
		AFGBlueprintHologram::FCreateBuildableVisualizationDelegate::CreateLambda([](AFGBlueprintHologram* blueprintHologram, AFGBuildable* buildable, USceneComponent* buildableRootComponent) {
			// Get your buildable
			AMyBuildable* myBuildable = Cast<AMyBuildable>(buildable);

			// - your cool code here for all the relevant components-
			// likely involves referencing stuff myBuildable
			// note that the buildable reference is only scoped to this lambda so don't expect it to persist

			// example: if we had one custom spline mesh component to show it might look like this:
			USplineMeshComponent* splineMesh = Cast<USplineMeshComponent>(
				// we use the built in setup component so we don't have to worry about things like: attaching to the actor, transformations, mobility, customizer data, hologramFX, collision channels, and more you would need to set manually if you didn't
				blueprintHologram->SetupComponent(
					buildableRootComponent,
					buildable->GetComponentByClass<USplineMeshComponent>(),
					buildable->GetFName(),
					FName()
				)
			);

			// example: now do the configuration the vanilla configuration won't, since we are using a custom one
			splineMesh->SetStartPosition(curve->StartPosition, false);
			splineMesh->SetEndPosition(curve->EndPosition, false);
			splineMesh->SetStartTangent(curve->StartTangent, false);
			splineMesh->SetEndTangent(curve->EndTangent, false);
			splineMesh->UpdateMesh_Concurrent();
		})
	);
```
